it's spring in Sweden field fairs are
industriously ferrying meals of worms to
their ravenous chicks they nest in Kabul
is up to 30 or 40 in a group and that
helps a lot with defense which is
important but there are plenty of
Raiders around that was one it's a young
Raven he's after amassing a field Fair
has spotted him and sounds the alarms
others take up the call and the Defence
Force assembles the raven now knows that
he's been spotted but he's hungry
the field fairs screaming with anger
converge on their enemy and now threat
turns into direct action they mop him
cumberly intimidated by the commotion
the Raven rituals but the fighters
pecked home their attack the Raven is
brought down and now they bombing with
they're dropping soiled feathers soon
become waterlogged and that could be
crippling even fatal summary cloud the
raven retreats the colony is saved
thanks to its members highly effective
system of communication between
themselves and with their enemy